this is better than my imagination this
is a dream come true
five bucks excuse me the way it works is
a loser pays the winner right I want you
how can you say you won I heard my
skates Buster's line first if you can
look me in the eyes and say that with a
straight face
I'll pay you I heard my skates across
the finish line first
you smile no way definitely fine fine be
the kind of guy who else's out of bed
are you alright yeah thanks I'm just
like you're asking bye
me too
when I started entry 40 years ago I
thought I might be it's only customer
but you kids and your parents
prove me wrong for this I thank you now
my lease is up and they shoulder place
to to the land your construction company
they're gonna tear it down build
high-rise apartments they're rotten
there's always been a magical place to
me so I'm hoping that you'll be able to
take just a small portion of that magic
William thank you they can't tear this
place down and you came here since it
was a kid well maybe you should
interrupt it Frank and told him this
terrible where are we gonna find women
you say that I like women don't you
remember
of course I remember what
how can you roller skate win your soul
side how can you breathe when you wear
your pants like that
I should figure soft drink
I may be husky black and skate better
new you wanna race sure
to
jerk
- what you got is to shake hands
good boys
that violence never solves anything
you're probably not a complete jerk
your name Andrew Clemons Kurt's evils
ah gee Aaron I think you missed one I'm
sorry mom but I have this stupid school
project to do what is it what are an
entire room I wish my class has to put
together a time capsule for the new
librarian mr. Feeny put me in charge
honey that's great
why a time capsule
why fit something in the ground that
doesn't grow Aaron I think how exciting
it would be if you found a capsule that
had been buried 50 years ago yeah then I
could bury it at the new library Oh
Seamus this isn't an IOU is it I never
tried that again they want to tear down
the Rockets what it's a petition against
it what's the big deal it's just a
building just a building Aaron it's a
magical place
it's where Kirk and I beat the living
daylights out of each other sorry I
didn't know so will you sign it are you
bet Joe your father and I used to skate
at the rocket pretty hectic I didn't
ever lunch you hungry and starve
oh great great two hot dogs two hot dogs
coming up
could you make it three you're that
hungry yes and no okay
two lemonade's three you that thirsty
waking up that thirsty why the extra
this is great you're pregnant we've got
to get you some food you're eating for
two now grab us a table and listen do
you think Andrew wants ketchup on his
what makes you think it'll be a boy the
same way I knew I was gonna marry you
the first time I saw you you know if
you'd like to get together there's
always the telephone sorry I guess I
wasn't paying attention are you thinking
about the rocket oh yeah there must be
something we can do you know a couple of
years ago my company was showing the
property that later had to be taken off
the market because it was designated an
historical landmark maybe we can do the
same thing for the rocket I'll call a
historical board and I say we hang on
outside down until their heads pop I
take it you've skated at the rocket
skated there I led the Bruce brothers
for three consecutive roller derby
championships
congratulations yeah I bought it heads
with the best of them you don't think so
no no I I've always suspected try to get
by me
come on none no no it's really not
necessary you want to take a shot oh no
thanks
those are the best years of my life if I
can do anything you'll let me know I'm
ready to kick some butt
glad she's on our side you really think
this petition thing is gonna do the
trick
you never know until you try
right it'll help if I keep my mouth shut
good and right I promise
ye of little faith yeah mr. LAN Joe yeah
I'm gonna do for you I'd like to talk to
you about the rocket okay
you got five minutes that place means a
great deal to a lot of people hundreds
of people have signed this petition to
save it mm-hmm it's pretty impressive I
don't care if a million people signed it
I know how you feel but things change
it's called progress progress I'd like
to read you something I'm sorry boys I'm
a little busy boys but how can you make
it school we've certainly hit stand in
the way of progress you know if you
think wasting the rocket is progress why
don't you buy the Taj Mahal and turn it
into condominium units or tear down the
Leaning Tower of Pisa and build
something straight
yeah well why don't you go fill up the
Grand Canyon and make it a parking lot
progress
are you going
what are you doing taking a couple of
steps for mankind please tell me you're
expecting a hurricane they're gonna tear
this place down they're taking me with
it
great I don't think we're gonna make our
basketball game bill baby how you been
what are you trying to prove nothing but
now that I've got your attention I'd
like to read you something my pocket
read it
how's Martha gardeners phone number
gonna help other pockets Oh
out loud oh right I to destroy a magical
place in the name of progress is
ludicrous business I think that there is
nothing not even crime more opposed to
poetry to philosophy to life itself than
the incessant business this stuff is
good
yeah it's Henry David Thoreau's why
should we be in such desperate haste why
should we be chased
I'll find something through your time
capsule yeah nailing a can hydrolyze er
Gaelic simulator no no that was a gift
who's this that's me you're cute oh
thank you
this is one of the few times I've seen
you with a girl first we could always
put you in the time capsule
where was that taken hmm it was taken at
the rocket a long time ago are you going
to Danny's birthday party Benjamin
I don't know if I can Jennifer Albert
Einstein died
four years ago
I'm sure he'd want you to go there's my
mom thanks for fixing miss Cade if that
wheel locks up just go
how do you know if you like a girl
that's a tough one
the atria pumps blood faster tentacles
there can be a dilation of the eye and
if you do her name and you tease her and
you get a funny feeling in your stomach
every time you see her you probably like
her
my stomach feels funny but I don't know
if it's Jennifer or my chemistry
experiments I'll tell you what
you lay off the chemistry experiments
for a week or so and I think you'll know
my allowance boy you really want that
model the milky way don't you know if
I'm gonna marry Jennifer someday I
better start saving now I guess I can
manage another quarter a week Thanks you
think she'd marry me well
if you really believe in something you
can make it happen
come on dad you know that stuff's never
been scientifically proven
Benjamin hi Stephanie
I posed the battle not good I just got a
call from historical board they say it's
too late to declare the rocket and
historical landmark hmm I'd like you to
see something any familiar faces
no hmm how about to the young man to the
far left no it doesn't ring a bell
no I think you'll find this very
interesting over a period of 40 years a
face can change well it doesn't look a
little familiar uh-huh maybe this will
help
I don't know okay
it's because I saw a picture of him in
the paper and then this photograph face
look familiar but I couldn't place it so
he skated at the rocket - I'm gonna go
see him let's hope he has a spark of
cinnamon left you think it'll help
somebody once told me and you really
believe in something you can make it
happen mr. Lanza uh another petition No
I recognize anyone I haven't seen this
picture for years those are some good
days too bad it has me torn down but you
just said you had some good days there
yeah I did things change in business you
can't make decisions with your heart
progress you know progress if you think
that that's progress why don't you go
out and buy a couple of pyramids and
turn them into movie theaters oK we've
been through all this before although
that was a pretty good one come on
Andrew we're wasting our time here
what forget it kid it'd take a miracle
to save the rocket there's been a sudden
outcry against the tearing down of the
rocket any regrets ah the rocket surd
it's time that people need a place to
live don't they how would you like it if
somebody skated through your living room
okay thank you
well that's it from the rocket this has
been Janet Bailey reporting to you from
Channel 4 News
I can't believe this is happening
doesn't seem that long ago that I
proposed to Jennifer what oh just
someone who skates I used to fix who's
the lame-o in charge
Kayle by shelling bucket 5 how can you
do something like this
why don't you think with your heart
instead of your idiotic slide rule or
healthy coat Ruthy well i'd the best
body slam in the league down Giants
sweet-talk me what do you mean by turn
down the rocket no no no don't worry ok
chief let her go
be the third string operator
and totally confuse
having this
you got me
mr. Lam Ville why the sudden decision
not to tear down the rocket well after
discovering how much the rocket meant to
the people a community I I decided to
save it and make it part of my high-rise
it's gonna cost me a bundle but there
has to be balance between progress and
the saving of historical landmarks does
your decision have anything to do with
today's strange occurrences mister no no
no no this has been Janet Bailey
reporting to you from the rocket happy
skating
it's gonna help reopening bash in two
weeks want to go I can't think of
anything I would rather do want me to
get you a beat
there's this new teacher I already have
someone in mind
you know I've told you several times not
to use your superpowers more like
several thousand right Russ okay when
you use them twice to deflect that
wrecking ball and a third time when you
stop it what third time